>> Will Sentance: All right,
let's have fun.
I'm not accepting this.
I have clarifications.
I'm clear that our functions,
when treated like functions,
by adding parens on the end of them,
behave as functions.
If they're treated like an object,
use a creator.andrew.
What would this return for?
What would this evaluate to, Andrea?
>> Andrea: It's gonna be
an object with Andrew.
>> Will Sentance: Well, but
with me retrieving this.
So here we've already for
the Andrew property.
So a user created .andrew,
I'd be retrieving three, exactly.
Okay, so let's have thumbs on that notion.
It's weird.
Part of it's is just I need
more time to embrace it.
So Andrew's got a thumb Katie's got a
thumb, medium thumb, sort of like a thumb.
Art is good to go,
Lindsey has a medium thumb.
Griffin has one.
Griffin, will you kick us off?
>> Griffin: So if you were to use
the user creator as a call back function,
can you use that user creator object
data in that function that you're using-
>> Will Sentance: You certainly can, but
I'll just make this point.
>> Griffin: Yeah.
>> Will Sentance: That wouldn't standard
practice.
>> Griffin: Yeah.
>> Will Sentance: Just cuz it's there,
doesn't mean we use it.
We use it for
this one thing we're gonna talk about.
It isn't standard practice to
bundle them in that sense.
They're functions, it is all fundamentally
objects but they use as functions, okay?
But we can store stuff here.
We're gonna see in a moment, we're gonna
store something here, something here.
We are gonna store something here.
All right, everyone got that?
Okay, Griffin, go ahead.
>> Griffin: Again, with the memory, could
you kind of, instead of using the backpack
of the lexicon thing, could you-
>> Will Sentance: Lexical scope.
>> Griffin: [LAUGH] Yeah, could you
store it into that function's object?
>> Will Sentance: This is where it
gets a bit hard with hard parts,
is we're seeing all of the underlying
things, features of JavaScript.
Some of them you can cross-use.
This one, the lexical scope is a special,
magical property that is not involved in
conventional sort of objects like this.
It's hidden off.
You're right, we said functions have
a hidden square brackets quote,
that's not this guy here.
That's a really nice
clarification by Griffin.
This object definitely is
not that scope property,
do you remember that guy
which held on to state?
Live in date, okay.
That's an interesting one, man.
Definitely not.
No, stop.
Stop it.
That's not allowed and doesn't, okay.
Lindsay?
>> Lindsay: I don't know.
I think I got lost somewhere,
but what's the function in
user creator right now?
>> Will Sentance: User
creator was declared.
>> Lindsay: Maybe C, Mr. Pelting.
>> Will Sentance: We
are going to see in a second,
but user creator was declared
as a function at the top right?
Whenever you declare a function,
by default, just by its' very nature,
it's also an object.
Okay, just declaring that.
Talk me through what we did
in line 1 there, Lindsey.
>> Lindsay: Declared the function.
User creator.
>> Will Sentance: User creator.
We're allowed to draw
functions in a box like that?
>> Lindsay: Mm-hm.
>> Will Sentance: What do we do in
a few lines down in let user1 =.
>> Lindsay: We declared a variable and
assigned it.
The whatever,
the user creator will return.
>> Will Sentance: Great,
go run that functionality.
And I know I have to run
the functionality, why?
>> Lindsay: The prens.
>> Will Sentance: The prens, good.
But let's not forget, if in the next
line I was to write usercreator.andrew,
in other words treating usercreator as an
object JavaScript is not gonna complain.
It's gonna go, yeah, sure, yes,
I'm a function, but I'm also an object.
You treat me like a function,
I run like a function.
You put something in me like an object,
and
now these start to become
weird things to say.
You put something in me like an object,
I behave as an object.
That is just how it is.
Okay, Lindsay, so it is a function.
Nothing has changed.
But if I were to treat it like
an object: usercreator and
said usercreator.andrew=3, then,
if I had to console log my usercreator,
I'd still see the function.
But if I had to console log my user
creator with a special Chrome dev tool,
down arrow, I would see the function,
but also in the properties,
I would see some other properties,
and our andrew : 3.
Okay, so
this is not surface level, really.
We're not gonna be doing this day-to-day,
but it's there.
This is our day to day.
This is what the function really is but
we can't store some stuff here but
we're not gonna be storing it ourselves.
JavaScript stores stuff here for us.
That's really what the real story is here.
We created a function.
But JavaScript can store
some stuff here for,
we're definitely never storing Andrea
three ever ever ever on this object
let's be really clear on that,
we're not doing that ever.
We definitely, but
JavaScript can store stuff there for
us because it has special goals and
things it wants to achieve that we wanna
make available to you as a creator.